# Timelog for Sytse Oegema (s3173267)

| Date | Timestamp | Description |
| :---:        |       :---: | :--- |
| *11/3/2018* | 11:00-12:00 | Reading up on the work the rest of the group did during the previous week. |
| *06/3/2018* | 14:00-15:00 | Meeting with the customer. |
| *07/3/2018* | 11:00-12:00 | Meeting with Lars, then meeting with Feiko. |
| *07/3/2018* | 13:00-15:00 | Lecture on RESTful design, applies heavily to our project. |
| *08/3/2018* | 11:00-12:00 | Frontend research, especially on Bootstrap.|
| *11/3/2018* | 11:00-12:00 | Messing arround a bit with some plain HTML and CSS to see how it works |
| *11/3/2018* | 14:00-16:00 | Setting up a local apache server and running the basic interface Andrew made for interaction with the homeserver API |
| *11/3/2018* | 16:00-17:00 | Research on JSON format and interaction with javascript. |
| *11/3/2018* | 17:00-17:30 | Getting familiar with the Github workflow again. |
| *12/3/2018* | 08:00-09:30 | Ran into Github errors, which I tried fixing. |
| *13/3/2018* | 13:00-13:30 | Send Feiko a message on github errors. I only had pull access on the Github repository.|
| *13/3/2018* | 13:30-17:30 | Research on Frontend development and making a start on the webinterface with Nik and Roman.|
| *19/03/2018* | 15:00-17:30| Javascript research. Focussing mainly on XMLHttpRequest objects and AJAX. |
| *20/03/2018* | 13:00-14:00| Meeting with the whole web team. |
| *23/03/2018* | 12:00-19:00| Worked with whole team. Focussed on javascript functions to retrieve devices and create the unlinked list with each device added to it as an list ellement.|
| *26/03/2018* | 9:00-10:00| Going through the project code to see how everything works as a preparation for this afternoon.|
| *26/03/2018* | 14:30-18:00| Worked on the device list javascript functions together with Andrew. Also some research into html5 data* atributes and javascript interaction with the data* atributes.|
| *01/04/2018* | 14:30-15:30| Looking through the presentations in best practices and reading about presentation guidelines.|
| *02/04/2018* | 10:00-11:30| Determining the subjects to discus durring the presentation and the structure of the presentation.|
| *03/04/2018* | 8:30-12:30| Presentation preparation and the presentations.|
| *17/04/2018* | 11:30-17:30| First meeting up with the group and later on making the feature frontend branch with Troy. Also doing research on vue. [Tutorial](https://codeburst.io/full-stack-single-page-application-with-vue-js-and-flask-b1e036315532)|
| *18/04/2018* | 09:30-10:30| Doing a tutorial on basic vue.|
| *19/04/2018* | 09:00-10:30| Meeting with the client and TA.|
| *19/04/2018* | 10:30-17:00| Worked on the new veu frontend.|
| *20/04/2018* | 09:30-14:30| Vue research and working on frontend.|
| *22/04/2018* | 13:00-17:00| More Vue research especially into the vuex package. |
| *23/04/2018* | 18:00-20:00| Figuring out the Semantic UI menu. |
| *24/04/2018* | 09:00-14:00| Team meeting and working on the seperation of files in the frontend. |
| *25/04/2018* | 15:30-17:00| Finally figured out how to import Vue components. |
| *26/04/2018* | 09:00-15:00| Worked on the feature/vue frontend branch. Made sure the vuex protocols are followed and created some visual things. |
| *29/04/2018* | 10:30-12:00| Worked on the documentation of the vue branch. |
| *31/04/2018* | 13:00-18:30| Working on the 404 page. Followed by a meeting. Explained some things about vue to Nick. Worked on the login page with Troy. |
| *01/05/2018* | 12:00-18:30| Working on the async requests for fetching data from the servers. Also looking into router redirection if someone is not authenticated yet. |
